This is my latest proposal.
According to my vision, I think
Excuse me?
What are we going to use this place for?
Can you focus?
In the future, just pay for your own private affairs meetings.
Don't waste everyone's time
Brother Xiaoyu, you finally answered my call
I miss you so much!
Can you come back soon?
That's what you asked in a meeting
Yeah, I'm so bored at home alone.
I miss you so much
There are customers at night
Where is the time
Brother Xiaoyu, why don't you ask for a leave?
Ok I can't ask
Big clients at night
Be good baby
I'll accompany you this weekend, okay?
Hahaha
Mr. Sun, I will toast you first for this first glass of wine
I will rely on you a lot for future projects
Hahaha, it's easy to say
I'll do it first
Xiaofang
Hey
Let's have a drink
Mr. Sun, let me come
I toast you this cup
Wish us a happy cooperation.
I did it, you do whatever you want
This guy has a future hahaha
An Tong, why are you so shameless?
Why are you here?
I talk business normally
How shameless
you
Excuse me?
I'll go out first
Mr. Sun, I toast you
Come here.
Brother Xiaoyu, why are you with An Peng?
Is it weird that I'm in the same company as him?
How did you know I was here?
I watched An Tong's Moments
Forget it. Forget it.
You go back first, and I will come back after paying the customer, okay?
Okay? No.
You come with me.
I'm working.
Oops ok ok
Then I'll go back and wait for you.
Did I pick the wrong person?